# CSSE1001
In this folder, you will find assignments from my course called "Introduction to Software Engineering" (CSSE1001). The course focused on teaching the fundamentals of computing and programming using a problem-based approach. It covered topics such as building abstractions with procedures, data, and objects, data modeling, and designing, coding, and debugging increasingly complex programs. It was my first experience with coding, and it inspired me to switch to computer science as my degree as I realised my passion for it.

The folder contains task sheets for the assignments. The first assignment involved a game where the user selects a difficulty level, and a word is chosen randomly based on that difficulty. The length of the word depends on the difficulty level chosen: either "FIXED" (exactly eight letters long) or "ARBITRARY" (between six to eight letters long). The objective of the game is for the player to guess the word by guessing subwords. The number of guesses and subwords vary depending on the difficulty level. If the player selects the "FIXED" difficulty, the word is randomly chosen from the "WORDS FIXED.txt" file. If the player selects the "ARBITRARY" difficulty, the word is randomly chosen from the "WORDS ARBITRARY.txt" file. I achieved an 86% for this assessment.

The second assignment involved a game called "Key Cave Adventure Game," which is a single-player dungeon-crawler game. The player's objective is to explore a dungeon and find the key to unlock the door and escape. The game offers an adventurous experience and utilizes simple key commands for gameplay. The positions of entities in the game are represented as (row, col), and the game's grid is always a square. I achieved a 92% for this assessment.
